The article is generally well-written and is important to R community. The technology and methods are up-to-date with some exceptions (listed below). Although some of the functions (e.g., those based on `run_jags_model` shown in Figure 2 on page 8) are slow, most of them run and work without any issues. In addition, there are some inconsistencies in the overall writing style. These inconsistencies are illustrated in the next section with some examples.

The manuscript (based on mcmsupply.pdf file) lacks clarity on following aspects:
1. In the Abstract section, the authors used acronym `IPUMS` without first spelling it. Also, in the second last sentence of the Abstract section, the authors typed `mcmcsupply` [instead of `mcmsupply`, the package name].
2. In the second paragraph within Introduction section, authors mention “The single-country mcmsupply model…” Is this a single-country study?
3. Two citations “(Plummer 2015) (Lunn et al. 2009)” in the second paragraph within Introduction section are not clear. Is one of them the secondary source? Should they be inserted within the same pair of parentheses?
4. In the second paragraph of page 2 (within the Introduction section), these citations: “(New et al. 2017), (Mercer, Lu, and Proctor 2019), (Li at al. 2019)” are not clear.
5. In the third paragraph of page 2 (within Introduction section), the citation “(Herger Boyle, King, and Sobek 2022)” is not clear.
6. In the third paragraph of page 2 (within Introduction section), the acronym JAGS should be spelled out before the acronym, like Just Another Gibbs Sampler (JAGS).
7. In the sentence “The mcmsupply package …” on page 3, the name `mcmsupply` should be typed as a package name is usually typed.
8. In the second bullet point on page 3 (and also on page 5), the citation “Comiskey et al., 2003” does not appear to be in an acceptable format. Should it be written as “Comiskey et al. (2003)”?
9. There are 68 countries in the dataset `national_FPsource_data` whereas the authors reported 67 countries in their manuscript. Which one is correct? Authors should check all functions for the accuracy of their reporting.
10. In the last sentence of Table 2 title (page 4), the word “it’s” is not clear. Is it its [without an apostrophe]?
11. Titles of Tables 3-4 and 5-7 (pages 5 and 7-8) are shown below the Tables. Shouldn’t titles be
shown above the body of Tables?
12. Also, in the title of Table 5, the second sentence does not have correct syntax. For example:
“The four types of model…” should be written as “The four types of models…”
13. Two citations in the last paragraph on page 6 appear to be in an inconsistent format. Why to use
in-text and parenthetical citations at the same time? Please check if they are in correct format.
14. In the body of Table 5 (first row, third column) on page 7, why is the symbol delta with
subscripts c, m, s, k enclosed within double parentheses?
15. The parameter `P` in the second column of Table 5 (on page 7) has the same definition for the
two models (Multi-country national and Single-country national). Is it correct?
16. In the titles of Table 5 and 6, the function names (e.g., `run_jags_model` and `plot_estimates`)
and the package name `mcmsupply` are written without the use of distinct font style of R
Journal.
17. Figure 3 and Figure 4 captions appear to have incorrect descriptions. If Figure 3 is for multicountry
model and Figure 4 is for single-country model, the respective Figure captions should
reflect this information accurately.

Some of the ways in which the manuscript can be improved are:
1. In the examples of use cases (e.g., those shown in Figure 2), authors can use relatively smaller
values of arguments (e.g., `n_iter`, `nburn` in the `run_jags_model` function) and mention about
the time such codes will take with different values of these arguments. This is important
because a user will find these functions unusable if they have to wait for 12 hours (as the
authors mention in the first paragraph of page 9) to run these codes.
2. By avoiding typos or other sentence syntax issues. For example: The word “and” is typed as “nd”
on page 10 (below Figure 3).
3. By using consistency in their presentations. For example: Inserting spaced before and after the
equal to (=) sign in their codes.